{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A 260,000m2 of residential complex that will be built in Harbin, in the Northeast of China. With the approval of the client, the construction project has already begun to be developed.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Este complejo residencial de m\'e1s de 260.000 m2 se construir\'e1 en la ciudad china de Harbin, al noreste del pa\'eds. Pasadas ya las \'faltimas fases del dise\'f1o y con el visto bueno del cliente, se est\'e1 empezando a desarrollar el proyecto de ejecuci\'f3n.
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 The project has 20 residential towers and 2 or 3 plants of retails in the Southern and SouthWestern perimeter of the site.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 El proyecto consta de 20 torres de viviendas y unos bajos comerciales de 2 o 3 plantas en el per\'edmetro sur y suroeste de la parcela.
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Projected 5 types of towers by height, 29, 27, 25, 18 and 11 floors. The shortest one have been left in the center and the largest in the back to mark the complex's public areas.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Se han proyectado 5 tipos de torres seg\'fan su altura, 29, 27, 25, 18 y 11 plantas. Dejando las menores en el centro y las mayores al fondo para marcar las zonas comunes del complejo.
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 My part in the project was the development of different designs for the building images, setting up a metting to discuss and satisfy customer requirements.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Mi participaci\'f3n en el proyecto consisti\'f3 en el desarrollo de diferentes dise\'f1os para la imagen de los edificios, llevando a cabo reuniones para conocer y satisfacer las exigencias del cliente.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 Filed under {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cargocollective.com/piedrarq/filter/June-2014"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 June 2014}} \
\
}