{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The new financial center of Harbin, in the NorthEast China, has 230,000m2 with a height limit of 36m.
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\i El nuevo centro financiero de Harbin en el noreste de China consta de una superficie de 230.000 m2 con una limitaci\'f3n de altura de 36m.
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\b \uc0\u8232 The idea of the project is based on the conventional skyline of modern financial cities. It consists of 5 modules of around 45,000m2 each, alternating the roles of commercials, offices and restaurants in the basement and offices in the top.
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\i La idea del proyecto se basa en el convencional skyline de las ciudades financieras modernas. Consta de 5 m\'f3dulos de unos 45.000 m2 cada uno, alternando las funciones de comercio, oficinas y restaurantes en el basamento y oficinas en los bloques superiores.
\i0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b The curved shapes of the basement contrast with the cubism boxes, emphasizing the project idea.
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\i Las formas curvas del basamento contrastan con el cubismo de las cajas, remarcando as\'ed la idea de proyecto.
\i0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Filed under {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cargocollective.com/piedrarq/filter/July-2014"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 July 2014}} \
}